1. Design a scalable multiagent orchestration for 10k concurrent requests.

    The system must rely on an event driven decoupled and stateless orchestration layer by a distributed virtual actor framework or message queue

2. How do you debug state transitions across distributed AI agents ? 
    Unified telemetry
    State snapshotting, deterministic replay
    State locks, concurrency
    Inline evaluator guardrails.- Validation agents, Workspace isolation

3. How do you secure tool execution in autonomous ai agents ?
    Execution isolation
    Interception layers and Policy as Code.
    Ephemeral identity and least privilege
    continuous monitoring.

4. How would you detect and recover from agent hallucinations ?
    An AI agent can evaluate its own outputs before they reach the user.
    Require active loop of real time verification
    Critique correction loops
    Dynamic temperature Scaling
    Confidence triggers - Escalation and De-escalation triggers.

5. How do i react and reflect improve autonomous agent decisions ?
    Reason and active
        Dynamic step adjustments 
            * Instead of blindly following pre-defined rigid plan the agent evaluates the result of its last action before
                deciding what to do.
            * Check tool outputs and update its internal state the agenst prevents errors and handles 
                unexpected external changes mid-task

    Reflection:
        Error and hallucinations.
        Verbal Reinforcement Learning.
        Long-Term Strategy Refinement.

6. How would you implement long-term memory in an agentic ai system?
    Separate Persistence
    Use a database to store the pre and post request context and content
    Mostly use Vector DBs and RDBMS

7. What does MCP mean? what is the difference between REST and MCP?

MCP - Probabilistic
REST - deterministic

Integration - MCP: Dynamic discovery  | REST: Hardcoded endpoints at design time
Communication - Bidirectional stateful context | REST: Stateless request-response cycles
Strengths - Exposing ai systems | REST: high throughput, data heavy, batch processing.

8. How do you optimize rag latency without reducing retrieval accuracy?
    Eliminate redundant computations, 
    optimize search indexing and strip out unnecessary context before it raeches the LLM.
    Implement Cache
    Vector db and index tuning
    Prefilter and index metadata
    Intelligent rag caching
    LLM context caching
    Context compression.

9. How do you prevent dead locks in a langgraph multiagent workflow.
    Enforce hard recursion limits
    Define fallbacks and human in the loop interrupts
    enforce limits on failed reequests to tools.
    
10. How do you update the documents in a vector DB.
    The Delete-and-Recreate Strategy
    The Upsert Strategy
    The Document Hashing Strategy
    